---
layout: yir
title: 2017 Year in Review
sideBarImages: [/1718/betty.webp, /1718/highschoolteam.webp, /1718/woodys.webp, /1718/dateParty.webp]
bottomImages: [1718\mile.webp]
active: yir-17
---

&emsp;&emsp;As most students my age, the most life altering change that happened to me this year was starting college and moving away from home. This new experience was met with drastic changes that brought new opportunities as well as fears. While I was very warry of what changes moving away from home could bring, I knew it would be for the better.

&emsp;&emsp;For years, I’ve been certain that I was going to go to school to study Computer Science with the general goal to become an develop applications or websites. While my certainty about to continuing in Computer Science has not changed, I have opened my mind to more possible job outcomes. This still includes my old aspirations while including a plethora of other possibilities such as backend development and operating systems.

&emsp;&emsp;Coming into the school year, I planned on just getting through these next five years as easily as possible. Now that I have learned the opportunities that both the College of Engineering and Applied Sciences, CEAS, and the University Honors Program, UHP, have to offer, my in school goals have changed drastically. Through CEAS, I plan on taking advantage of the ACCEND program which allows me to get a Master’s of Science in the same time frame as I would get Bachelor’s degree. In order to get the MS, I will be able to conduct research, something that I thought I would not have an opportunity to do, as I thought it wasn’t possible with my major. My first year has already caused a drastic shift in my professional trajectory.

&emsp;&emsp; In the UHP, my goals have remained fairly constant. I want to be able to use the program as an opportunity to travel and learn from others in a way that only a university can offer such as study tours. While this is still the case, I have realized that the program’s opportunities are much greater. When I began the Gateway to Honor’s class, I saw it as just another class that I had to do to continue in the program but it turned out to be much more. It showed me how to think in a deeper sense while also prompting deep conversations about our strengths and weaknesses.

&emsp;&emsp; The program even allowed me to conduct a research project looking into machine learning and creating a physics engine in MATLAB, something that would not have been possible without the Honor’s program. While the UHP has yet to change any professional goals, it has changed both how I think and expanded the opportunities that I can take during my time at UC.While I’ve already spoken about my new goals, I have many things that I would like to keep going. So far, I have loved my school work and the challenges it has brought. The content has felt like it mattered more than in previous years which I felt drove me to find a deeper appreciation in the work that have done. This is something that I hope continues not just through my next four years of schooling but through my career as well. After running Cross Country and Track during high school, I was very worried for what graduating would mean for my running career but I have found my perfect niche with the running club. I hope that I am able to keep running at a high level as well as keep building friendships with my teammates.
