---
layout: yir
title: 2018 Year in Review
sideBarImages: [/1819/axes.webp, /1819/london.webp]
bottomImages: [/1819/windsor.webp, /1819/brugge.webp]
active: yir-18
---

&emsp;&emsp;This year was a very important year in setting both my personal and professional trajectory. In my professional life, I was able to start co-oping and begin taking major specific classes for the first time. I co-oped in both the fall semester of 2018 and summer semester of 2019, I worked at L3 Cincinnati Electronics in Mason, Ohio for both semesters. At L3 I was given the opportunity to continue growing my technical abilities in C++ and problem solving. Being in a workspace for the first time has also allowed me to become a better overall communicator and better understand the culture of the everyday office.

&emsp;&emsp;The spring semester of 2019 was the first time that I have been able to take classes that I felt directly correlated with what I want to do after graduation. Classes like Data Structures and Discrete Mathematics gave a taste of what types of development and logic can be seen in real software engineering. Working in industry and taking computer science specific classes has given me the opportunity to reaffirm my choice of career path. These opportunities allow me to get a more accurate representation of what I could be expecting after graduation, information that is extremely valuable to a student in my position.

&emsp;&emsp;This year has also given me the chance to grow and refine my personal trajectory. I have taken the opportunity to develop a website for the University of Cincinnati Running Club; while this may seem like an avenue for professional growth, it is also giving me a chance to give back the to club that I has given so much to me. Completing this project will be very rewarding.

&emsp;&emsp;I again have both personal and professional goals for the coming school year. Professionally, I hope to gain new experiences as co-op when I do back to back semesters. While I believe that I will continue to grow in my technical ability wherever I go, I believe that I can learn to become a better coworker and communicator in a new environment. For my next co-op experiences my goal is to find a new company as I believe that experiencing new offices is important to helping me grow in the office. My personal goal for the coming year is to continue taking opportunities to travel and see new experiences around the world. To accomplish goal, I plan to travel with the University Honors Program to Greece and Egypt in December.
