---
layout: yir
title: 2019 Year in Review
sideBarImages: [/greeceEgypt/8-me.jpg, /greeceEgypt/3-me.jpg, /greeceEgypt/8-me.jpg]
active: yir-19
---

&emsp;&emsp;This year has ushered in a plethora of new experiences that will have an effect on both my academic and professional trajectory. I think the experience that is most impactful was an opportunity that I was able to take through the University Honors Program. During the 2019 Fall Semester, I participated in a seminar titled, ‘Past and Present in Greece and Egypt: An inquiry into History, Culture, and Economy’. This class gave me insights into certain aspects of the history, economies, and social make up of both Greece and Egypt; however, this would not end up being the factor that would have the largest impact on me.

&emsp;&emsp;The seminar ended with the class getting to go visit Greece and Egypt, both of which would result in amazing sites, experiences, and memories. Most importantly, our time in Egypt granted my class the ability to be experience Egypt alongside a group of students from the Future University in Egypt (FUE). Over the course of our stay in Egypt, we were almost exclusively intertwined with the FUE students. It took us a while to get to acquainted but the cookie cutter, ice breaker conversations quickly turned into telling stories of our past and getting to understand on a deeper level how we are both alike and different. Getting the perspective of students who are of a similar demographic but located on the different side of the world was very rewarding. Even though we were all college students, we dealt with different problems and opportunities. This is something that I will always remember, both out of fondness and when considering my professional and personal trajectories.

&emsp;&emsp;In the coming year, I have both professional and academic goals. Academically, my plan is to graduate with my undergraduate degree in the spring of 2021 with the hopes of beginning my Master of Science in Computer Science the following Fall. This goal is already well on its way to coming to fruition, but it will take another year of work to get all the way there. Professionally, I hope to compete for nationally competitive internships next summer with the hopes of broadening my horizons. Also, I would like to continue pursuing solo development opportunities. While this a rather broad goal, I feel that I have the ability to prove that a lot by really digging into some projects of my own and keeping them open ended. I feel that it offers me the best opportunity to really be creative and sharpen my technical abilities.